docs/README.md, before:

# OpenAlgo Technical Indicators Documentation

Welcome to the OpenAlgo Technical Indicators documentation. This comprehensive guide covers all 100+ technical analysis indicators available in the OpenAlgo library.

**Perfect Performance Achievement**: All 100+ indicators now working with 100% success rate across all dataset sizes (1K-100K+ data points).

## Documentation Structure

### 1. [Technical Indicators Guide](TECHNICAL_INDICATORS_GUIDE.md)
Complete documentation with detailed explanations for every indicator including:
- Mathematical formulas and concepts
- Parameter descriptions
- Return value explanations
- Comprehensive code examples
- Trading signal interpretations
- Best practices and optimization tips

### 2. [Quick Reference Guide](INDICATORS_QUICK_REFERENCE.md)
Concise reference for quick lookup:
- Function signatures and parameters
- Categorized indicator tables
- Common trading patterns
- Position sizing examples
- Complete strategy template

### 3. [Parameters Reference](PARAMETERS_REFERENCE.md)
Complete parameter specifications:
- **Mandatory vs Optional** parameters clearly marked
- **Default values** for all optional parameters
- Parameter types and descriptions
- Usage examples showing defaults vs custom values
- Tips for parameter selection

### 4. [Trading Strategies Examples](TRADING_STRATEGIES_EXAMPLES.md)
Real-world implementation examples:
- 7 categories of trading strategies
- Complete code implementations
- Risk management frameworks
- Performance optimization techniques

## Getting Started

### Installation
```bash
pip install openalgo
```

### Basic Usage
```python
from openalgo import ta
import numpy as np

# Example: Calculate SMA
close_prices = np.array([100, 102, 101, 103, 104, 102, 105])
sma_5 = ta.sma(close_prices, 5)
print(f"5-period SMA: {sma_5}")
```

## 📊 Indicator Categories

The library provides indicators in 7 main categories:

1. **Trend Indicators (14)** - Identify market direction
   - Moving averages (SMA, EMA, WMA, DEMA, TEMA, etc.)
   - Advanced systems (Supertrend, Ichimoku Cloud)

2. **Momentum Indicators (5)** - Measure price change velocity
   - RSI, MACD, Stochastic, CCI, Williams %R

3. **Volatility Indicators (11)** - Measure price variability
   - ATR, Bollinger Bands, Keltner Channel, etc.

4. **Volume Indicators (11)** - Analyze trading activity
   - OBV, VWAP, MFI, Money Flow indicators

5. **Oscillators (10)** - Identify overbought/oversold conditions
   - ROC, CMO, TRIX, Awesome Oscillator, etc.

6. **Statistical Indicators (8)** - Mathematical analysis
   - Linear regression, correlation, beta, variance

7. **Hybrid Indicators (7)** - Multi-component systems
   - ADX, Aroon, Pivot Points, Parabolic SAR

## Key Features

- **TradingView Pine Script-like syntax** - Familiar and intuitive
- **High performance** - NumPy vectorized operations with Numba JIT compilation
- **Type flexible** - Works with numpy arrays, pandas Series, and Python lists
- **Professional grade** - Accurate implementations matching industry standards
- **Thread safe** - All calculations are stateless

## Example: Multi-Indicator Strategy

```python
from openalgo import ta

def trading_signal(high, low, close, volume):
    # Trend
    sma_50 = ta.sma(close, 50)
    sma_200 = ta.sma(close, 200)
    trend_bullish = sma_50[-1] > sma_200[-1]
    
    # Momentum
    rsi = ta.rsi(close, 14)
    oversold = rsi[-1] < 30
    
    # Volume
    obv = ta.obv(close, volume)
    obv_rising = obv[-1] > obv[-10]
    
    # Signal
    if trend_bullish and oversold and obv_rising:
        return "BUY"
    else:
        return "HOLD"
```

## 🔍 Finding Information

### Need detailed explanations?
→ See [Technical Indicators Guide](TECHNICAL_INDICATORS_GUIDE.md)

### Looking for quick syntax?
→ See [Quick Reference Guide](INDICATORS_QUICK_REFERENCE.md)

### Want to understand a specific indicator?
→ Use the Table of Contents in the Technical Indicators Guide

### Need trading examples?
→ Each indicator includes practical trading examples

## 📞 Support

- **Documentation**: https://docs.openalgo.in
- **GitHub**: https://github.com/openalgo/openalgo-python
- **Issues**: https://github.com/openalgo/openalgo-python/issues

## Performance

**100% Success Rate**: All 100+ indicators working perfectly across all scenarios.

### Comprehensive Testing Results
- **Trending Market (1K)**: 100+ indicators (100% success)
- **Volatile Market (1K)**: 100+ indicators (100% success)  
- **Large Dataset (10K)**: 100+ indicators (100% success)
- **Extra Large (100K)**: 100+ indicators (100% success)

### Speed Benchmarks
All indicators optimized for maximum performance:
- SMA on 100k points: ~0.36ms
- RSI on 100k points: ~1.85ms  
- Complex indicators like Supertrend: ~1.88ms on 100k points
- Fastest indicator: crossunder (0.074ms on 100K data)

## 📝 License

This documentation is part of the OpenAlgo project and is licensed under the MIT License.

---

Happy Trading! 🚀

Commit message:

changes from openalgo to layr0 application ---- just termination addition

docs/README.md, after:

# layr0-IMC Technical Indicators Documentation

Welcome to the layr0-IMC Technical Indicators documentation. This comprehensive guide covers all 100+ technical analysis indicators available in the layr0-IMC library.

**Perfect Performance Achievement**: All 100+ indicators now working with 100% success rate across all dataset sizes (1K-100K+ data points).

## Documentation Structure

### 1. [Technical Indicators Guide](TECHNICAL_INDICATORS_GUIDE.md)
Complete documentation with detailed explanations for every indicator including:
- Mathematical formulas and concepts
- Parameter descriptions
- Return value explanations
- Comprehensive code examples
- Trading signal interpretations
- Best practices and optimization tips

### 2. [Quick Reference Guide](INDICATORS_QUICK_REFERENCE.md)
Concise reference for quick lookup:
- Function signatures and parameters
- Categorized indicator tables
- Common trading patterns
- Position sizing examples
- Complete strategy template

### 3. [Parameters Reference](PARAMETERS_REFERENCE.md)
Complete parameter specifications:
- **Mandatory vs Optional** parameters clearly marked
- **Default values** for all optional parameters
- Parameter types and descriptions
- Usage examples showing defaults vs custom values
- Tips for parameter selection

### 4. [Trading Strategies Examples](TRADING_STRATEGIES_EXAMPLES.md)
Real-world implementation examples:
- 7 categories of trading strategies
- Complete code implementations
- Risk management frameworks
- Performance optimization techniques

## Getting Started

### Installation
```bash
pip install layr0-IMC
```

### Basic Usage
```python
from layr0-IMC import ta
import numpy as np

# Example: Calculate SMA
close_prices = np.array([100, 102, 101, 103, 104, 102, 105])
sma_5 = ta.sma(close_prices, 5)
print(f"5-period SMA: {sma_5}")
```

## 📊 Indicator Categories

The library provides indicators in 7 main categories:

1. **Trend Indicators (14)** - Identify market direction
   - Moving averages (SMA, EMA, WMA, DEMA, TEMA, etc.)
   - Advanced systems (Supertrend, Ichimoku Cloud)

2. **Momentum Indicators (5)** - Measure price change velocity
   - RSI, MACD, Stochastic, CCI, Williams %R

3. **Volatility Indicators (11)** - Measure price variability
   - ATR, Bollinger Bands, Keltner Channel, etc.

4. **Volume Indicators (11)** - Analyze trading activity
   - OBV, VWAP, MFI, Money Flow indicators

5. **Oscillators (10)** - Identify overbought/oversold conditions
   - ROC, CMO, TRIX, Awesome Oscillator, etc.

6. **Statistical Indicators (8)** - Mathematical analysis
   - Linear regression, correlation, beta, variance

7. **Hybrid Indicators (7)** - Multi-component systems
   - ADX, Aroon, Pivot Points, Parabolic SAR

## Key Features

- **TradingView Pine Script-like syntax** - Familiar and intuitive
- **High performance** - NumPy vectorized operations with Numba JIT compilation
- **Type flexible** - Works with numpy arrays, pandas Series, and Python lists
- **Professional grade** - Accurate implementations matching industry standards
- **Thread safe** - All calculations are stateless

## Example: Multi-Indicator Strategy

```python
from layr0-IMC import ta

def trading_signal(high, low, close, volume):
    # Trend
    sma_50 = ta.sma(close, 50)
    sma_200 = ta.sma(close, 200)
    trend_bullish = sma_50[-1] > sma_200[-1]
    
    # Momentum
    rsi = ta.rsi(close, 14)
    oversold = rsi[-1] < 30
    
    # Volume
    obv = ta.obv(close, volume)
    obv_rising = obv[-1] > obv[-10]
    
    # Signal
    if trend_bullish and oversold and obv_rising:
        return "BUY"
    else:
        return "HOLD"
```

## 🔍 Finding Information

### Need detailed explanations?
→ See [Technical Indicators Guide](TECHNICAL_INDICATORS_GUIDE.md)

### Looking for quick syntax?
→ See [Quick Reference Guide](INDICATORS_QUICK_REFERENCE.md)

### Want to understand a specific indicator?
→ Use the Table of Contents in the Technical Indicators Guide

### Need trading examples?
→ Each indicator includes practical trading examples

## 📞 Support

- **Documentation**: https://docs.layr0-IMC.in
- **GitHub**: https://github.com/layr0-IMC/layr0-IMC-python
- **Issues**: https://github.com/layr0-IMC/layr0-IMC-python/issues

## Performance

**100% Success Rate**: All 100+ indicators working perfectly across all scenarios.

### Comprehensive Testing Results
- **Trending Market (1K)**: 100+ indicators (100% success)
- **Volatile Market (1K)**: 100+ indicators (100% success)  
- **Large Dataset (10K)**: 100+ indicators (100% success)
- **Extra Large (100K)**: 100+ indicators (100% success)

### Speed Benchmarks
All indicators optimized for maximum performance:
- SMA on 100k points: ~0.36ms
- RSI on 100k points: ~1.85ms  
- Complex indicators like Supertrend: ~1.88ms on 100k points
- Fastest indicator: crossunder (0.074ms on 100K data)

## 📝 License

This documentation is part of the layr0-IMC project and is licensed under the MIT License.

---

Happy Trading! 🚀
